Add MNIST dataset & drop torchvision dep. from tests (#986)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

- Removed duplicated module `pytorch_lightning.utilities.arg_parse` for loading CLI arguments ([#1167](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/1167))

> - Removed torchvision dependency in tests ([#986](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/986))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added own MNIST dataset and dropped `torchvision` dependency in tests ([#986](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/986))
```

Author: should it go to "changed" section?
